refactor(curriculum): restructure sudoku solver python project (#54303)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-classes-and-objects-by-building-a-sudoku-solver/6606b6b7760d0643c3b4eb29.md

---
id: 6606b6b7760d0643c3b4eb29
title: Step 19
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-19
---

# --description--

> If the code inside the `try` block raises an exception, you want to continue to keep running the program and the `pass` statement does exactly this job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the code inside the `try` block raises an exception, you want the program to continue running, and the `pass` statement accomplishes this.
```

> Although this code works, specifying the exception type after the `except` keyword is a good practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this code works, specifying the exception type after the `except` keyword is considered good practice.
```
